So this advertising was for me
all phone no ads
they can make the video but me
shit on you i want to get in once
to do something for my life and also for my life
do advertising for me and for
my online coaching
I made a video where I said
I have now become an online coach
want to quit my side job
I'm still a student but I do
now part- time online coaching
and all the dealers look at you
what they wrote what they did
I 'll let that blind you here
Life is not a pony farm as stupid as
you're referring to Hartz 4 and are ours
taxpayer on the bag very naive
and my absolute favorite combo of the
So do not take care of your boss
health you are a really stupid
human should have kept the job
You can tell by how silly you are talking
and I can tell you I have it
made
meanwhile I have so many
Satisfied customers satisfied
and we are so thankful that I am
that offer so cheap because I have
It costs me to look around everywhere
online coaching are 50 to 150 euros
training and nutrition plan
she's been compared to her recently
and people say oscar thank you give
us the performance for the money for what
other 50 70 100 to 250 euros required
yes and I tell you from the heart yes me
have so many satisfied customers that
can live on it by now and me
have that only this year or tomb
I have one last year with it
started and I can take it from that
have many satisfied customers and
so if you do not miss it
I wanted to be comfortable someday
Of course, if I have to adjust
then too many customers have the price
screw something higher is clear
normal bwl but it is currently so
cheap writes me simply anja
do not miss the chance
if you no longer see success no matter
we wanted to build muscle or fat
I wanted to break down already
from 14 to 55 years and all were
satisfied
and if you see no more success
then write to me and I will you
help to change your body and
to begin your own transformation